Add filters support to generic forwarding (#2742)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/configuration/_index.md

            # Optional.
            # Path to the TLS certificate. This field must be set if insecure = false.
            [cert_file: <string | default = "">]
       
        # Optional.

>         # Configures filtering in forwarder that allows dropping spans and span events using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # Configures filtering in forwarder that lets you drop spans and span events using
```
